# 英文单词大汇总

 recurrence: 再发生；循环；重现；重新提起

irrespective： adj. 无关的；不考虑的；不顾的

legitimate: adj,  合理的，合法的

formulation: n, 规划，构想，公式化，简洁陈述

curtails : 缩减

bounded: 限制

subject to : 使服从于；使隶属于; 使经受，使经历

aforementioned， 之前提到过渡的





provides a uniform control paradigm for the conditionals and can avoid over-serialized execution.

a predicate network to connect branch instructions with its predicated operations in paths. The predicate network accepts predicate inputs from the internal predicate register file, its own predicate outputs and neighbors.



 aforementioned: 上述的，前面提及的



identical predicate

is converted into the predicate dependency completely.



The first and foremost(首先，最重要的) step of ....



guarded ：谨慎的，被监视着，

v. 保卫，看守

 

albeit  conj, 虽然，即使



two operations guarded by three predicates at the same time. (被predicate节点所控制)



he dependence conversion is responsible for transforming all the data dependence into predicate dependence 



until the predicated instruction performed. 只要 predicate 指令起作用



Note that the predicates f0; g0 are reset (line 20, 24) **until overall instructions** from  one of the branch paths a  re **executed absolutely** 





Note that f0 (or g0) is different from P1 (or P2), the former represents completing an instruction execution, but the latter d**ecides whether its guarded instructions can be executed or not.** Moreover, P1 (or P2) is unnecessary to be reset, since **it is generated from the ALU apparently**. After these steps, we can
achieve the final TDFG. 















